# HackerRank
Solutions to challenges on HackerRank

- ACM ICPC Team
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/acm-icpc-team
- Cavity Map
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cavity-map
- Alternating Charaters
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alternating-characters
- Angry Professor
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-professor
- Caesar Cipher
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/caesar-cipher-1
- Manasa and Stones
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/manasa-and-stones
- Chocolate Feast
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chocolate-feast
- Circular Array Rotation
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/circular-array-rotation
- Compare the Triplets
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/compare-the-triplets
- Cut the sticks
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cut-the-sticks
- Non-Divisible Subset
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/non-divisible-subset
- Diagonal Difference
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/diagonal-difference
- Closest Numbers
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/closest-numbers
- Divisible Sum Pairs
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/divisible-sum-pairs
- Filling Jars
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/filling-jars
- Find Digits
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-digits
- Flatland Space Stations
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/flatland-space-stations
- Flipping bits
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/flipping-bits
- Game of Thrones - I
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/game-of-thrones
- Halloween Party
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/halloween-party
- Identify Smith Numbers
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/identify-smith-numbers
- Is Fibo
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/is-fibo
- Encryption
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/encryption
- Ice Cream Parlor
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/icecream-parlor
- Two Strings
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings
- Sherlock and Array
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-array


## Medium
- Bigger is Greater
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bigger-is-greater
- Min Max
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-children
- Larry's Array
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/larrys-array
- Sparse Arrays
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sparse-arrays

# CTCI
## Data Structure
- Arrays: Left Rotation
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-array-left-rotation
- Stacks: Balanced Brackets
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-balanced-brackets
- Strings: Making Anagrams 
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-making-anagrams
- Hash Tables: Ransom Note
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-ransom-note
- Queues: A Tale of Two Stacks
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-queue-using-two-stacks
- Linked Lists: Detect a Cycle
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-linked-list-cycle
- Trees: Is This a Binary Search Tree
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-is-binary-search-tree
- Heaps: Find the Running Median
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-find-the-running-median
- Tries: Contacts
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-contacts
- Recursion: Fibonacci Numbers
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-fibonacci-numbers
- Sorting: Bubble Sort
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-bubble-sort
- Sorting: Comparator
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-comparator-sorting
- Merge Sort: Counting Inversions
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-merge-sort
- Bit Manipulation: Lonely Integer
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-lonely-integer
- Recursion: Davis' Staircase
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-recursive-staircase
- Time Complexity: Primality
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-big-o
- DP: Coin Change
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-coin-change
